A beautiful, smart, and loving person will be coming into your life.
A faithful friend is a strong defense.
A fresh start will put you on your way.
A friend asks only for your time not your money.
A soft voice may be awfully persuasive.
Accept something that you cannot change, and you will feel better.
Adventure can be real happiness.
All the effort you are making will ultimately pay off.
All the troubles you have will pass away very quickly.
An important person will offer you support.
An inch of time is an inch of gold.
Any decision you have to make tomorrow is a good decision.
Because you demand more from yourself, others respect you deeply.
Believe in yourself and others will too.
Better ask twice than lose yourself once.
Bide your time, for success is near.
Change is happening in your life, so go with the flow!
Courtesy begins in the home.
Dedicate yourself with a calm mind to the task at hand.
Distance yourself from the vain.
Do not demand for someone’s soul if you already got his heart.
Don’t just think, act!
Don’t worry; prosperity will knock on your door soon.
Education is the ability to meet life’s situations.
Everyday in your life is a special occasion.
Expect much of yourself and little of others.
From listening comes wisdom and from speaking repentance.
From now on your kindness will lead you to success.
If you continually give, you will continually have.
If your desires are not extravagant, they will be granted.
Imagination rules the world.
In the end all things will be known.
Keep your face to the sunshine and you will never see shadows.
Let the world be filled with tranquility and goodwill.
Listen not to vain words of empty tongue.
New ideas could be profitable.
Now is the time to go ahead and pursue that love interest!
Others can help you now.
Patience is your alley at the moment. Don’t worry!
Pick battles big enough to matter, small enough to win.
Practice makes perfect.
Remember the birthday but never the age.
Share your joys and sorrows with your family.
Small confidences mark the onset of a friendship.
Success is a journey, not a destination.
Take the high road.
The change you started already have far-reaching effects. Be ready.
The weather is wonderful.
There is a time for caution, but not for fear.
To the world you may be one person, but to one person you may be the world.
Welcome change.
Wish you happiness.
You are almost there.
You can keep a secret.
You have the power to write your own fortune.
You will be unusually successful in business.
You will enjoy good health.
You will soon be surrounded by good friends and laughter.
Your abilities are unparalleled.
Your difficulties will strengthen you.
Your life will be happy and peaceful.
Your moods signal a period of change.
Your quick wits will get you out of a tough situation.
Your reputation is your wealth.
Your work interests can capture the highest status or prestige.